chore: doc writing rules for the agents (#4289)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: AGENTS.md

- **Safety**: `#![forbid(unsafe_code)]` in all crates
- **Release profile**: `opt-level = "z"`, LTO enabled, symbol stripping (optimized for embedded)

## Markdown style

> When writing or editing Markdown documents, use [semantic line breaks](https://sembr.org/):
> start a new line after each sentence, and optionally break long sentences
> at clause boundaries (after commas, semicolons, colons, or dashes).

Reviewer: The rule has no scope limit, so it applies to every Markdown file in the repo. Most of the existing Markdown doesn't follow semantic line breaks.

So an agent that fixes one sentence in a `docs/` page is told to reflow the whole file, and every change carries a large format-only diff. Can we scope the rule to the files where we want this style, and say explicitly not to reflow the rest?

```suggestion
When writing or editing Markdown under `openspec/`, `design/`, `AGENTS.md`, or PR
and commit descriptions, use [semantic line breaks](https://sembr.org/):
start a new line after each sentence, and optionally break long sentences
at clause boundaries (after commas, semicolons, colons, or dashes).

Do not reflow existing files that don't follow this style — `docs/` and
`CONTRIBUTING.md` use their own line-wrapping conventions. If a reflow is
genuinely needed, put it in its own commit, separate from content changes.
```

Author: I wouldn't exclude the `docs` directory, but I'll add that hint not to update the entire doc while updating an existing doc that doesn't follow the same convention. Updated in 3068db7.
